Name:A Shadowy Predator
Id:141268
Description:It's the little things. The click of a sliding stone where there should be silence - a motion in the shadows, as if they were thick-stirred like ink - a lull in the cries of the zee-bats. Something is watching you, drawing closer hour by hour. You and your crew draw back to back, watching the darkness.



	ChildBranches1
Name:Wait, watch, and end it
Id:122738
Description:It has stealth, but you have rifles. All you need is a clear shot, and you'll earn yourself a trophy.

		DefaultEvent
Name:A bad end
Id:141269
Description:One of your crew strays too far from the group. You never know why - you don't know it's happened until you hear him cry out. As your crew rushes to assist, there's another cry from behind you. Another zailor vanishes into the darkness! You glimpse a writhing coil of limbs and the glitter of eyes, and the beast is gone. The beasts. There must be at least two of them. Who knows how many more?
<br/><br>
You retreat with haste to the ship, eyes wide, though you see nothing more of the predators. Perhaps their hunger is satisfied.

		ParentEvent
Id:141268

		SuccessEvent
Name:An end to it!
Id:146191
Description:Deep silence. A faint scrape, like boot-leather on stone. The woman on your left levels her rifle and fires - and your crew joins her. The fusillade almost drowns out the hoarse screeching of the creature in the shadows.
<br/><br/>
When you drag into the light, its oily flesh is already beginning to dissolve (perhaps the light is hastening it?) Whatever it was, it had many-jointed leathery limbs, eyes like a bunch of grapes, a folding assembly of mandibles. It stinks of vinegar and mould. You fling a tarpaulin over it and bundle it into the darkest part of the hold. Perhaps someone will want it.



	ChildBranches2
Name:Capture it alive
Id:122739
Description:This could be tricky.

		DefaultEvent
Name:A complication
Id:141270
Description:You stalk it through the darkness, directing your crew to set up blinds and baffles and spikes and snares. It doesn't go well. One of your zailors steps into her own pit trap, and another backs off the cliff trying to do something elaborate with a rope. You see nothing more of the beast, but your wretched crew is proving to be more of a danger anyway. Back to the ship.

		ParentEvent
Id:141268

		SuccessEvent
Name:A contest of cunning
Id:146192
Description:You employ ruses, stratagems and a cruel choice of bait, harrying the thing through the archipelagic midnight until it collapses into your trap with a hoarse screech of rage! You bind it with chains and blankets and force it into a triple-locked cage. It snaps its folding assembly of jaws and snaps at you with its many-jointed limbs. Its eyes brim with primal range. Excellent! It'll be worth an Echo or ten.



	ChildBranches3
Name:Retreat to the ship
Id:125903
Description:Put clear black water between you and the thing in the shadows.

		DefaultEvent
Name:Without a trace
Id:146189
Description:You retreat to the ship in good order. Your lanterns keep the darkness at arm's reach, and you neither see nor hear any trace of the creature. But when you count your crew up the gang-plank, you come up one short...

		ParentEvent
Id:141268

		SuccessEvent
Name:An orderly retreat
Id:146193
Description:You sense it in the murk, its course parallel to your own. But by the time it draws near, the lights of the port are already ahead. Your zailors clatter up the gang-plank, whispering together in nervous undertones.

